README.md, before:

# ASEB-Seating-Arrangement-Software

This is a specialized seating arrangement generator for the college Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Bengaluru Campus. It utilizes the power of the Pandas library to create seating arrangements by uploading a CSV file to the code.

---

## 📚 Table of Contents
1. [Description](#description)
2. [Features](#Features)
3. [Usage](#usage)
4. [Concepts and Libraries Used](#concepts-and-libraries-used) 

---

**NOTE**:

- A **sample** CSV file in the repository contains the students' roll numbers for the Python script to function. Any CSV file can be uploaded in the code with that particular pattern of roll numbers in the sample CSV file
- A sample image is provided in the repository which gives an idea of the seating arrangement 
- To use this project, we need a CSV file with names and registration numbers according to the college

---

## 📄 Description

The **seating_pandas** branch automates the seating arrangement process for exams at Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Bangalore. By uploading a CSV file, the code generates the seating arrangement efficiently and accurately. This project supports the arrangement of seating for the seven B-Tech courses mentioned below:
- 💻 CSE (Computer Science Engineering)
- 🤖 AIE (Artificial Intelligence Engineering)
- 📊 AID (Artificial Intelligence and Data Science)
- 📡 ECE (Electrical and Communication Engineering)
- ⚡ EEE (Electrical and Electronics Engineering)
- ⚡💻 EAC (Electronics and Computer Engineering)
- ⚡📡 ELC (Electrical and Computer Engineering)
- 🛠️ MEE (Mechanical Engineering)
- 🤖 RAE (Robotics and Artificial Intelligence Engineering)

---

## 🌟 Features

1. The project is capable of generating seating arrangement for all the B-Tech Courses
2. It can generate attendence sheets which are used to know about the attendence of students for the exams
3. It generates a exam seating arrangement chart which helps in the navigation of the students to their respective exam halls

---

## 🚀 Usage

1. **Upload the CSV File**: Prepare your CSV file with the required format and upload it to the code.
2. **Run the Code**: Execute the Python script to generate the seating arrangement.
3. **Library Requirements**: Pandas, FPDF (A PDF generation library), tkinter (A GUI generation library).

---

## 💡 Concepts Used
- 🖼️ **Tkinter**
- 🎲 **Random**
- 🛠️ **Pandas**
- 📋 **FPDF**

---

Commit message:

changed the readme according to the modified code

README.md, after:

# ASEB-Seating-Arrangement-Software

This is a specialized seating arrangement generator for the college Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Bengaluru Campus. It utilizes the power of the Pandas library to create seating arrangements by uploading a CSV file to the code.

---

## 📚 Table of Contents
1. [Description](#description)
2. [Features](#Features)
3. [Usage](#usage)
4. [Concepts and Libraries Used](#concepts-and-libraries-used) 

---

**NOTE**:

- A **sample** CSV file in the repository contains the students' roll numbers for the Python script to function. Any CSV file can be uploaded in the code with that particular pattern of roll numbers in the sample CSV file
- A sample image is provided in the repository which gives an idea of the seating arrangement 
- To use this project, we need a CSV file with names and registration numbers according to the college

---

## 📄 Description

The **seating_pandas** branch automates the seating arrangement process for exams at Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Bangalore. By uploading a CSV file, the code generates the seating arrangement efficiently and accurately. This project supports the arrangement of seating for the seven B-Tech courses mentioned below:
- 💻 CSE (Computer Science and Engineering)
- 🤖 AIE (Artificial Intelligence and Engineering)
- 📊 AID (Artificial Intelligence and Data Science)
- 📡 ECE (Electrical and Communication Engineering)
- ⚡ EEE (Electrical and Electronics Engineering)
- ⚡💻 EAC (Electronics and Computer Engineering)
- ⚡📡 ELC (Electrical and Computer Engineering)
- 🛠️ MEE (Mechanical Engineering)
- 🤖 RAE (Robotics and Artificial Intelligence Engineering)

---

## 🌟 Features

1. The project is capable of generating seating arrangement for all the B-Tech Courses (CSE, AIE, AID, ECE, EEE, EAC, ELC, MEE, RAE)
2. It can generate attendence sheets which are used to know about the attendence of students for the exams
3. It sends a email notification to the students about their classroom where they are writing their exam

---

## 🚀 Usage

1. **Upload the CSV File**: Prepare your CSV file with the required format and upload it to the code.
2. **Run the Code**: Execute the Python script to generate the seating arrangement.
3. **Library Requirements**: Pandas, FPDF (A PDF generation library), tkinter (A GUI generation library), email (A library used to send emails via code)

---

## 💡 Concepts Used
- 🖼️ **Tkinter**
- 🎲 **Random**
- 🛠️ **Pandas**
- 📋 **FPDF**
- ✉️ **email**

---
